# RSA with safe primes and multiple exponents

This is the concept of an RSA-based crypto system, where the senders can use diverse exponents with the exact same multiple of primes, and in order to be sure that they can be deciphered too, which means the have to be co-primes with the Euler's totient of the prime-multiple, the totient has also got to be public. However if both multiple and totient are public, two factors were easily be calculable of the two equations. Therefore I applied 3 factors, and to make it even harder, I'm using safe primes, so that the Euler's totient also comprises of 3 huge primes. This has multiple advantages: one is being hard to factor and thus the combinations of factors can't be used to guess the primes themselves. The other is that this way any odd number that is smaller than the large prime factors of the Euler's totient is a valid encryption exponent.

# Use cases?

For example exactly delaying a symmetric encryption key's recovery with a bunch of servers spread around worldwide, which compute and publish the decryption exponents to encryptions' exponents, that were calculated by hashing that global time, when the cipher will have to be able to be accessed (and added 1 to the hash, if it came out to be even). It is based on several servers, which when all disclose the certain decryption exponent, several keys may be decipered, whose XOR sum could be used to decrypt a document for example. Which doesn't solve yet the problem of if a the encrypted document was once published, it is going to be irretrievably decryptable at the given time, and this can1t bbe retrieved. A better idea would be if someone logged in periodically somewhere, then they could change the expiration time. This can  be again realized in practice with multiple independent cryptography servres: this time using symmetric cryptography, and storing the encrypted versions of the partial keys leading to the main key of the published ciphered document, which can be altered if the user logged in... However in this case if all these servers stored a copy of such encrypted key portions, that is a problem. But the same trust problem exists with time based servers too, that they have to be trusted, that they don't publish exponents too early... Yet the login servers pose more risk, because they can already be aware the publishers' identities.

Or broadcasting keys for example via a central radio may need new decryption exponents at recipients every time(?) - but that wouldn't need recipient keys to be changed on a regular basis... unless perhaps the broadcast adressees' group would be changing, and some devices needed to be possibly locked out, on whatever basis - that either needs an ever changing exponent or two decryptinng exponents, one based on time hopping, the other distributed before missions after some personal authemtication. And in this latter case if the RSA modulus is made of 2 safe primes (Euler's totient kept secret here), then the receivers can be sure that a large odd random number may be a suitable decryption exponent, whose encryption pair can then be calculated by the central, if pre-determined, like based on HMACing time and taking the next odd number.
